docs: revise documentation (#27)
defi-wonderland/prophet-modules: docs/src/content/modules/request/http_request_module.md

### Key Methods

- `decodeRequestData`: Decodes request parameters. It returns the URL, HTTP method, body, accounting extension, payment token, and payment amount from the given data.
- `createRequest`: Can be used to bond the requester's funds and validating the request parameters.

> - `finalizeRequest`: Finalizes a request by paying the proposer if there is a valid response, or releases the requester bond if no valid response was provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `finalizeRequest`: Finalizes a request by paying the proposer if there is a valid response, or releasing the requester's bond if no valid response was provided.
```
